**Design**  
In terms of code quality, there were some areas that could be improved significantly, with the most notable being API calls to the Firebase Firestore. The code to read/write/filter was embedded into many different file components (Navbar.js, sign up, log in, etc.) rather than being consolidated into the Firebase.js file. As a result, it was a bit hard to debug when Firebase API calls were failing. However, in terms of components for pages and the UI, the overall class design for those was good as we were able to reuse components.   
There was a large memory leak in the listeners which was patched out from reviewing the code.  
 In the database design, we used to store all of the answered surveys in the users which became a quite long array so it was moved to its own table.  
**Complexity**  
	The overall complexity of our codebase was actually quite low. To sum up the logic of the codebase, it primarily consisted of UI logic (page rendering, graphs, buttons, etc.) which is relatively shallow and various Firebase filtered queries. However, some of the code was made more complex with where the code resides. In particular, the firebase filtered query functions to grab data were scattered throughout the codebase rather than being consolidated into 1 file, which could cause some issues for any new developers trying to understand our codebase. Overall though, I believe that our codebase should be relatively straightforward for a developer to understand.  
**Tests**  
	Our codebase did not have any automated testing since the nature of testing for our application was interaction through the user interface of our app. All our testing was manual. If given more time, we could have learned and set up automated testing for our user interface features.  
**Naming**  
	The naming conventions for the components (classes and methods that rendered parts of the UI) were very clear for what they were. However, the naming conventions for the smaller components of the code like variables were not as clear. Some of the variable names were very vague. Overall, the naming within the codebase was good.  
**Comments**  
	The comments were somewhat useful. Sometimes, the comments would be very descriptive to what the code was doing, while sometimes the comments were very vague. In addition, some of the comments were in Chinese, so the comments were a mixture of English and Chinese. Overall, the comments were sufficient considering the code complexity of the application.   
**Style**  
	Since many different people were coding on the same codebase, the coding styles varied significantly, resulting in some bad programming practices. For example, the styling for the UI components was varied, with some of the styling being inside .css files, embedded in place of components, or using a styling theme. This made it hard to change the UI of the application as the styling location varied greatly. In addition, some files had a little too much within them at once. The code could have definitely been modularized further for the creation of the different pages within the SuperSurveyors app. It made it hard to catch back up on the codebase when you had to make changes to the UI. Overall, the style definitely has some areas of improvement.  
**Documentation**  
	At the README.md, there is a pretty good description on how to install and run the application. The commands to do so are pretty easy to run, and there is really no configuration associated with our application. The documentation to run/install our application overall was good.